and then the crowd beauty today will show
you there how to download and install because
monster will go away
It's good for you that you're a fan of Pokemon
I the last game and it's very simple
download first you enter this link
with let description beauty and will
enter the site the same as the game
You who continue to play well play
33 mb worth
So, you'll wait then, will you?
start today is automatically
only you will actually open
installer and run the
installation on next following if it
leave
beauty, now just wait
there game guys just finishing the
today 90%
so then click ok next april
here will open the game formed here
in March face not two clicks
open this folder
click on a game point is that if you
You will also know how to extract more
annoy
So I'll close it separately since then.
is extracting game is that there
after the game will open alone and you
They start playing there already.
Okay then I hope I have helped you guys.
said